Project Name      : Mitosys
Project Owner     : Anmol Special Education Center
Project Developer : Aaryan Dhakal
Project Deadline  : Shrawan 1, 2079

Feature Requests: 
    Studnet Profile Mangement
    Student Account Management
    Credit Records
    Detailed Debit Records
    Income Statement Generator
    Balance Sheet Generator
    Donation Records
    Bank Records
    Bill Management
    Syncronized Databases
    Backup Utilities

Feature Description:
    1. Student Profile Management : Maintain information about the student such as name, age, etc.
    2. Student Account Management : Keep and maintain records of student payments and keep track of the individual headers
    3. Credit Records : Maintain several headers and keep records of them monthly of all sources of income
    4. Detailed Debit Records : Have a detail list of everything that consumed money depending on different headers.
    5. Income Statement Generator : Use all the stored information to generate and income statement at the end of the month
    6. Balance Sheet Generator: Use the stored information to generate an overall balance sheet
    7. Donation Records : Track Donations whenever they are given
    8. Bank Records : Maintain how much is placed in which bank and the interests and other certain manually inputable details
    9. Bill Management : Able to create, update, delete, query and distribute student account bills
    10. Syncronized Databse : Ability to make sure every device is working on the same collection of data
    11. Backup Utilities : Make it easier to backup data from the database.

Platform : 
    1. Web
    2. Mobile

Technologies Used:
    
    Front-End: 
        1. React
        2. Redux
        3. Bootstrap
        4. Webpack

    Back-End:
        1. Django
        2. PostgreSQL

    Languages:
        1. Python
        2. Typescript
        3. SQL

    Others:
        1. Git/ Github
        2. Notion
        3. VScode
        4. Firefox

Hardware Requirements:
    1. 1 TB SSD X 2
    2. 2 Computers

Timeline estimates: 
    1. March 22nd - June 16th : Development Phase
    2. June 16th  - July 1st  : Setup Phase
    3. July 2nd   - July 16th : Testing Phase
    4. July 17th  - onwards   : Application Phase



